## Create React app with `create-react-app`

~/$ npx create-react-app react-dev

Need to install the following packages:
  create-react-app@5.0.1
Ok to proceed? (y) y
npm WARN deprecated tar@2.2.2: This version of tar is no longer supported, and will not receive security updates. Please upgrade asap.

Creating a new React app in /react-dev.

Installing packages. This might take a couple of minutes.
Installing react, react-dom, and react-scripts with cra-template...


added 1453 packages in 1m

241 packages are looking for funding
  run `npm fund` for details

Initialized a git repository.

Installing template dependencies using npm...

added 69 packages, and changed 1 package in 7s

245 packages are looking for funding
  run `npm fund` for details
Removing template package using npm...


removed 1 package, and audited 1522 packages in 2s

245 packages are looking for funding
  run `npm fund` for details

6 high severity vulnerabilities

To address all issues (including breaking changes), run:
  npm audit fix --force

Run `npm audit` for details.

Created git commit.

Success! Created internal1 at /react-dev
Inside that directory, you can run several commands:

  npm start
    Starts the development server.

  npm run build
    Bundles the app into static files for production.

  npm test
    Starts the test runner.

  npm run eject
    Removes this tool and copies build dependencies, configuration files
    and scripts into the app directory. If you do this, you can’t go back!

We suggest that you begin by typing:

  cd internal1
  npm start

Happy hacking!





## Question:
1. What `npm run eject` command do ?
2. What `<React.StrictMode>` do ?